{So in our naming study, we show
our participants two types of
pictures. The first type will be
complex scenes.}
{And we asked that you imagine
that you're describing the scene
as someone who cannot see the
picture. Describe what is
happening, what you see, and
take between three and five
minutes.}
{So you can start when you're
ready.}
#START_unfriendly_giants The
scene takes place in the
medieval times.
There are many.
figures, it's a colorful page.
It says in the statement that
these are giants.
Oh, as well as a a number of a
lot of other people that is in
a, you know, like a town
setting. There is a, A.
Building with a Fort. At the
back there is a windmill.
There are homes. There are lots
of trees. There are there's a
group of Giants playing chess.
There's a group of.
People who are watching the
giants. There's some giants who
are blowing water through a
straw to people to a number of
smaller people in the right hand
corner. No, the right bottom,
right hand corner of the page.
There are female as well as
male.
Giant figures. Though the female
figures are actually wooden,
they are not. They don't seem to
be real.
I see lots of trees. It's on a
field on a flat field. The sun
is in the far right top of the
page. It seems to be a sunny
day. During the day there seems
to be some hills going towards
the then a building on a Moat.
And there's 1234567 smaller
homes that are spread throughout
the page.
Most of the Giants seem to be.
Men with beards.
The picture itself is very
colorful.
#END_unfriendly_giants Lots of
movement in the in the pictures
it seems to be as a season to be
probably in the spring or early
summer because everybody seems
to be outside comfortable.
{OK, so that's about 3 1/2
minutes. That was good.}
{And then another type of
pictures that you will see are
graphic novels. There are a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Again, just describe what
you see and what is happening
and take between 10 and 15
minutes. Each story is has a
different length and the first
one contained 2 pages.}
{So I tell a story with this
picture. Yeah, OK.}
{Does it matter which side which
page I go from? It's the same
layout as a print book, so you
go OK up to the right and OK OK
got it.}
#START_arrival-3 So this is a
story about a time and place
that is maybe in the late 1800s,
late 1800s, early.
Um, 1900s? And there's a boy who
is dishing out who is calling
out to say.
A certain type of news that has
come out and people are reading
the newspaper looks as though
maybe there is an event that
took place in the in the urban
city.
And people are also watching the
boy because he is announcing.
A special event or special act
that took place.
The lady is carrying a cat with
an extremely large tail. Makes
me think that maybe this is part
fantasy, part real.
And she's having a talk with
another person, maybe talking
about the event that took place.
Ohh. Meanwhile there are scenes
of the the the city life that's
taking place. There's a man who
is, oh, probably making a cup of
coffee or tea and he's doing it
in a little
Wheel cart. So he's a vendor.
Something hot.
Um, with a little animal at the
front of the basket. Also, this
makes me think that this another
fantasy story because the animal
is a very unusual type of
animal. Looks like a mix between
a squirrel and a lizard and a
little bit of a dinosaur. The
man is busy making a cup of tea
or something hot.
Meanwhile, there's also another
picture of a scenery that's of
the urban city life of two a man
and a woman carrying a very,
very big both, each carrying an
egg shaped item. It looks like
it's.
It's in a shape of an egg, but
very large, and they're placing
it in a wooden box.
With.
You know, it looks as though it
might be in a market that
they're about to either sell
their eggs or an egg like object
because there's other there's
another box.
that is selling maybe like a
plant or another vegetable item
That is unusual. It is difficult
to see it looks like.
The the the woman and the man
are probably in their 30s.
And then there's another scene
of of urban city life that's
taking place, of a man shaving
a.
A man's beard.
And outside amongst, on a little
on a high stool chair, there is
a boy, probably related to the
man who's getting his.
face shaved standing, waiting
patiently while the the Barber.
Is being very careful cleaning
the man's face as well as 12345
animal insect like creatures. It
looks like a combination of a
snail and a crab that is roaming
around the foot of the the
Barber and the child. The child
looks about maybe 10 years old.
Everybody seems to be wearing a
hat in this picture.
Um, another scene is depicting
life in the city musicians.
Two people, uh, they seem to be
playing an unusual instrument.
Looks like an instrument that
is.
An accordion combined with a
large horn or a trumpet.
And then there is, and he is
sitting down reading notes and
musical notes, and there's
another man in the background,
further in the background,
playing a.
Violin like instrument, but also
seems to be not unusual, not a
normal what we call as normal
violin. It seems to have an
additional.
Parts to it that makes it rather
unusual. Both both these men are
probably in their 30s to 40s,
both also wearing hats and
wearing a coat, which makes me
think that it is sometimes not
in the summertime where it's
very hot or any possibly spring
or early fall.
And another picture is a group
of women.
12345 women sitting against a
either a church or a wall that
has some writings that are hard
to.
Understand they seem to be one
woman at the forefront, seems to
be reading either a Bible or
using hand gestures, another
woman and is knitting as she
listens, and there is another
woman who is holding a rabbit on
her lap. They all seem to be
paying attention to the woman
who is reading either a book or
a.
A Bible or religious item, and
there is a pot of hot water
steaming in the front of the
woman. And finally there is a
man who's trying to figure out a
way. He's trying to either cross
the street. It's a street scene.
He's carrying a suitcase. He's
looking to the side.
may be, a visitor to a town or a
city, they trying to figure out
where to go. He's wearing a hat
and a coat and in the background
there is a, a person wearing a
with a child trying to also
looking either down on the on
the street looking at something.
There seems to be a very faint
image of either another animal
in the background for background
and then there's a.
A person who's just about to get
onto a bicycle.
Um.
The man seems to be looking at a
time or trying to call some ohh
it is a time. It's a it's either
a what we call a clock, a pocket
clock. He's worried because
maybe the clock is not working
so he's looking around to see if
he can find another clock. He
did. He does see something in
the city center high above the
tower that looks like a clock.
There's an image of that.
So he's walking down the streets
of of this.
City still trying to find his
way around. There's another
scene of him walking past the
man who's on sitting on a
sidewalk against a wall.
There's he's still trying to
walk past.
Still looking, finding his way
around, all of a sudden he looks
up and he sees light, little
flecks of light that surrounds
him and he's trying to identify
what it is. He tries to touch
one of them and then all of a
sudden his hat is blown away so
he he picks it up. Meanwhile as
he picks up the hat on the on
the sidewalk where where he is
standing there are arrows.
That are telling him directions
or.
Clues to where he wants to go,
so he's looking at them more
carefully.
There are number of arrows on
the sidewalk and so they're
they're they're going up and
down. There are words or they
seem to be words and diagrams
and that'll infographs of of
trying to.
Give the person where he's
trying to go. Meanwhile, he's
he's trying to understand the
sidewalk. So he picks up a book
and he is bending. He puts his
suitcase to  his side, and he's
trying to read, using a book of
what the sidewalk is telling
him. There's a close caption of
the details of his book as he's
reading it, and then he turns
around.
Because somebody is patting him
on his shoulder to get his
attention, the man is telling
him.
Maybe let me help you or you
lost. He is wearing a white robe
with a hat.
And so the man in who's lost is
they're having a dialogue, he's
trying to figure out a way to
get to a location, and there are
two scenes of of the dialogue
taking place between the two
men. And then the man who is
searching for direction grabs
his book and starts to write in
his notebook where he's trying
to go and when he.
Shows the man, he he he draws
the picture of a bed and a
window and he points to the
direction. He points to the
picture of the man says, oh, I
may know where you were trying
to go. He points to and say, let
me show you the way, let me
guide you the way. And so the
man it starts to walk in front
of the the the visitor.
Meanwhile the visitor is
noticing that the man who is
guiding.
#END_arrival-3 Has the another
unusual animal creature as he's
carrying the creature in the
back of his basket.
{OK. Sorry. Can I just quick,
quickly close the door? Sorry,
yeah.}
{Sorry, my dog just came into
the room, so OK. And how long
was that? Was that two not in
long enough?}
{So OK.
Oh, and I should have said I was
going to just going to say this
was all not in a monotone color
graph. Yeah.}
{So that was a graphic novel
that you saw and OK, going back
to a complex scene.}
{OK, just describe it again.
Yes. OK, } #START_by_the_lake so
this is a picture of a, once
again, lots of people at a lake.
This must be a summer time. It's
a very visual picture.
In their sailboats and yachts
and a dragon boat race, as well
as paddle boaters, speed
boaters, canoers, kayakers,
people jumping off a floater in
the middle of the lake they seem
to be having. Everybody seems to
be having a very good time. It
must be sometime in the summer
time.
That there are people around the
lake by this by a sand beach.
Also building a castle, a Big
castle.
There are children as well as
young people as well as elderly
people, but not as much elderly
people, mostly families and and
young people having a good time.
I see some cyclists.
I see people also doing the
parasailing in the back, also
somebody. It's like a.
boat pulling a group of people
doing a pyramid on on top of
each other. It looks like a show
there. Volleyball players by the
beach as well. Some people
listening to music and the man
is playing a guitar by a boat
that's on the sand. There's a
kite that's flowing in the
middle of the page, Umm, as well
as people lying down.
Oh, there's a group of young
people playing soccer.
Children on the backs of of dads
or and people having
conversations with each other.
There's a there's a house,
there's a couple of buildings in
the background.
It looks like they're having a
BBQ outside as well as looking
at what's going on in the in the
lake.
The homes are mostly.
Is a castle like.
Building in the back, they seem
to be maybe hotels. There's like
a a group of women doing yoga or
handstand.
Each ball playing.
It's on petals, floaters. It's a
scene that is, for the most
part, very cheerful and happy
and people.
#END_by_the_lake Watching people
watching taking place. {Alright,
yeah, OK good. So that was about
5-4 minutes.}
{So we're going back to
describing graphic novels. This
one in particular has around 11
pages. OK, we were aiming
between 10 and 15 minutes, OK.}
#START_flowerman This is a
scene.
That is taking place at the edge
of a a town.
There is a.
A river that seems to be drying
up.
And uh, the story seems to be
taking place. Um.
Maybe at the end of the day.
Or early.
Good evening as the colours are
mostly in black and white except
for a lone person crossing a
bridge.
Yeah, it must be towards the end
of the day, early evening,
because the lights on the the
bridge are illuminated and so as
a result, the person on the
bridge, she was looking into the
river, the empty river. It looks
as though it's an elderly person
who is wearing a greenish coat
and a hat, walking her dog, his
dog or cat.
Some kind of animal is trying to
cross over the bridge to get to.
The town area that has more
buildings and a bait shop which
I guess is.
As well as a bar and a gas
station, there is a.
Ferris wheel in the back and
their circus like tent which?
Looks like it's not moving
because it's the end of the day.
It must be at a time where
people are using their chimney
and the fireplace to make their
house warm, so it must be
sometime in early, late fall,
early winter. Umm, other than
the old person crossing the
bridge, there's another person
on the either waiting for
somebody at the corner of the
bait shop.
Or just killing time. There
seems to be a an abandoned car
that seems to have falling into
the dried up river.
Looks like it's been there a
long time. There is a truck in
front of the bait shop that
seems to be parked there. It's
an old style truck that is used
to carry items larger items with
the 222 seated or three seated
truck. Ohh.
In the background there seems to
be a chimney. Um, I don't know
if it's a chimney or a factory,
but.
It seems to be.
Sometime.
Uh, hard to tell whether it's
not. It's not a current
depiction, and hard to tell
whether it's another fantasy
like story.
The old person who is carrying
an umbrella and a bag with an
animal by
His or her side is wearing a
scarf and a hat, a blue hat.
And now he is walking through
more of the city, more of the
town. He's coming to a corner
and he could either turn left,
which would direct him to
A building that says Cafe. It
could be a hotel or a
restaurant. You see pictures of
people who are maybe like in two
or four separate rooms. One room
there's a picture of a of a
couple having a discussion or
singing or having some kind of
an interaction. There's another.
up the upper level, this is a
building with two three story
building.
Top level.
I think there's a two people.
I can't tell if it's like a
scientist doing some experiment
or cooking.
And then they're right next door
on the third level. There's a
man, also in either in his
bathroom.
The picture of another person.
These are all windows that are
open.
And one more room that has a
woman sitting either looking at
a TV or a an animal.
And at the bottom of the
entrance to this cafe building,
there is a man sitting, also
waiting.
Once again, it looks as though
it's at the early stage of early
part of the evening, so the
street lights are helping
illuminate the, the, the
cobblestones Street there's
definitely a lot of other people
who are in other structures of
the, of the, of this corner of
this town.
The windows are open, are
visible um.
Uh, there's another.
Building that seems to be closer
to the man to the to the left of
him. It's it doesn't show
people. Other than at the very
top of the rooftop room there is
a a man looking out.
But the other two rooms, even
though we see that there are
there are people living there,
we cannot see people.
And to the side of the building
there's a man 2 two men.
one is just wearing a sleeveless
shirt and another person wearing
a jacket makes me think that
there are just neighbors or
somebody who's just out.
Um, close by to their home
having a talk. One man seems to
be fairly would say angry, but
he's not happy and they seem to
be looking.
Or having a discussion about.
And with just the two of them.
And there is another.
Man or a boy who is in another
building out in the terrace with
a cat and he looks sad,
concerned, worried, unsure of of
of what to do. He does not look
happy and he is behind closed
doors OK.
The man is continuing to walk on
and in the in this town and he
is currently standing in front
of the building. A very old
message actually. It's a one
story home that says for sale
and this house is looking
unattended.
It has a small little entrance
area with.
With the lawn in the front, that
looks as though it has not been
occupied, or it looks it as it
hasn't been cared for for some
time and he is standing under
the light.
Of the.
Lamp, city lamp. And so he is
still the only one that has our
is depicted in color.
The rest of the picture there
are other scenes of life of this
town that he is visiting.
There are 1234567 buildings on
this. On this two page there is
in the buildings there is a man
who is either taking a bath.
Or is cooling off because
there's a fan in front of him.
He is very visible. There's a
woman who seems to be in next
door in another room, facing a
mirror.
And she is with a group of
people.
And at the lower level of this
building, there is a woman who
is with a child that seems to be
shouting or saying something
that she is looking outside the
window.
And in the next building there
is a woman who is about to enter
into a smaller building, 2 story
building, where on the higher
level there is a an artist and
starting to paint.
Meeting.
Umm.
In the town.
Outside there is a man sitting
close to a a fountain on the
side of the the fountain with
the fountain seems to be empty.
Both he and the little boy who's
sitting next to him have.
Their hands on their face,
looking worried or sad or
concerned, or they do not seem
to look happy. Meanwhile,
towards the end, towards the
other parts of the the town,
there are people standing by the
building, having a talk, having
a discussion. There's a little
boy with a man who is trying to
work at.
Getting the water, the city
water pump working.
And in that building there are
more people either looking
outside, looking at what's going
on in the town square, as well
as people who are just sitting
and relaxing.
Here's a picture of the same
area.
At the end looks like it's
during the day because the
street lights are not on. Once
again, the picture is the paint
the the page is more or less
black and white or Gray.
Very very detailed. The only
picture or area that has color
is the house that the the man
was looking at that was for sale
for for sale sign. He looks to
be have bought the house.
So the man is actually outside
the house is looking much more
fixed up.
It's a one story house. The for
sale sign is no longer up. He
has been working in the garden
and trimming the lawn because
there is a lawn mower out.
People are looking at his house
as he's making the house look
more clean and cared for and
beautiful. He is actually on a
ladder himself, working on one
of the shutters.
Um, and there is a tree that
seems to be blooming in the
background next to the the small
one unit house, and there it has
flower white flowers and orange
leaves as well as green leaves.
The rest of this scene of the
town, it's active. People are
out and about going places.
There's a man in the scooter,
there's a man that has.
A broken foot or broken leg on a
wheelchair. I don't know if it's
the artist because he's wearing
the cap, but he's heading
towards the bridge.
There's a girl that's looking at
the the man in the wheelchair
and the woman who's dressed up
to go trying to see if the girl
who is with her would come pay
attention to her.
There's another there's a group
of, there's a man and a woman
who's also looking at the house
that's being transformed by the
old man.
As well as.
Two boys playing kickball near
the square town square fountain,
as well as the little boy who
was there sitting before. He's
looking at the town squares
fountain with a backpack
standing. He still has a look of
concern or worry.
Meanwhile, Ohh I think I see. I
see the artist. Sorry, the
artist is.
Actually no longer in his
studio, but he's downstairs in
his in the front of his
building.
Sitting and chatting with his
neighbor friend who is a
cellist.
And having a conversation.
And watching the street life.
Towards the the back there is.
Some people who are, have they
they seem to be.
A man who is trying to sell
something in the background with
a cart or wheel cart.
Um, the town is is vibrant.
Lots of people, lots of
movement.
And people are coming and going.
Ohh, all of a sudden the house
is looking more and more
complete as the man has worked
on the one story home. Now that
his chimney is even is in multi
colors, he's got flowers around
his windows.
Um, he's putting more flowers
around this fence and he is
waving hello.
To a neighbor who is about to
drive by his house on a scooter,
so he is getting to know his
neighbors.
He is well established in his
town.
the town life is still very
active.
But this? The boy in front of
the square is still there and
still looking at the fountain.
There is another.
Person who is also in color,
while the rest of the picture
other than the house and the old
man is still in black and white.
It looks to be a girl who is
holding a flower and she is
walking away from the house and
and she has red hair. She's
walking and looking at the
flowers so she is either talking
to the flower or trying to
figure out what she wants to do
with the flower. She's wearing a
blue skirt and a yellow top and.
Walking towards the artist home,
the artist is on the 2nd floor
and his studio at the window
seal with a palette and looking
at the town.
In the next building there is
still the man who is.
I think either taking a bath
still. Oh, I think the the woman
who is facing the mirror.
Is now either. Maybe she was a
Barber or hairstylist because
there's a person also and hard
to see but has some.
Maybe having a haircut?
Um, yeah, the town is still very
active. It's during the day, um.
Oh, it's actually 8:30. Um, I
see for the first time that
there's one building that has a
time 8:35. That must be 8:35 in
the morning.
This building has a sign to the
to the side that says Cola, so
I'm assuming it's a Coca-Cola
and there's a man that's sitting
in an elderly man who's sitting
in a chair against the building.
I don't know if it's a grocery
store.
But on the second level and the
third level you see pictures of
people also.
In their daily lives, I'm
beginning to see a little bit of
of color on the on this in the
sky. It's very faint, but it's
also a faint blue color.
Ohh.
More color as the picture is
still showing people that we
know. There's the old man who is
in front of his house now
completed with a window open and
you see he has really renovated
his home beautifully and he is
talking to.
He's talking to another person
and in a very friendly manner,
as well as a little boy who is
facing him on the cobblestone.
More and more images and people
in color on this page. The blue
the sky is bluer.
There's a mixture of of
buildings that are still in
black and white, but some of the
colors are shown in the window.
Seals and shutters, brick,
sidewalk, brick building sides
the awnings of the buildings.
Some people are shown also to be
in color. For example, the
artist is now in color holding a
flower.
The little boy who looked.
And worried is still by the
fountain, but he is now in
color. He is still carrying a
backpack. He is still looking at
the fountain, but he is pointing
to something and there is a a
white flower in the fountain.
Meanwhile, there is I think
there's more people either
moving in or out of because
there's a truck right by the
town square fountain that says
movers and shakers. It's hard to
tell whether these people are
moving in or moving out.
Um, the man who is taking a bath
again. He is now in full color.
As well as.
The old man who was standing. Oh
no, the old man that is
standing, that was sitting by
the Coca-Cola side. He is still
not in color, but there is a.
There is a man right by the
Coca-Cola stand by the entrance.
Who is embracing a girl that was
holding a flower. previously she
was the one that was wearing the
blue skirt and a yellow top,
with an animal, and she's
embracing the man by the by the
door. This time around. There is
no time suggested on the on the
on the building, so we don't
know what time of the day it is,
but it looks to still be during
the day. Umm, there's also a
milkman in the back.
Um.
Talking to a boy. The milkman is
in color, but the boy that he is
talking to is not. So it's an
interesting page that has some
people in full color, very
bright colors, and other people
who are still in black and
white.
More and more color is being
added to the same town square.
Now I see that uh, the old man
is having a BBQ, is holding our
plane with a a child that I I
would think is a grandchild of
his and the child is happy and
the grandfather is playing with
him and there is a grandmother
in the background who is also
looking on and seems to be
happy.
And one thing I see is that the
boy who is by the fountain, the
fountain is now working and the
boy is genuinely happy. So I
think that he's happy enough
that the fountain is working and
there's water coming out.
Meanwhile, the artist is still
hard at work in his studio. The
man is still bathing.
There's a woman in the next door
who still has another.
Client or a person who is facing
the mirror.
At the top of this building.
Oh, I see that now. The artist
is actually, there's somebody
who's helping the artist sell
his paintings on the street.
And it looks as though somebody
has actually purchased his or
her painting because she's about
to go off in a red, fairly
modern looking car.
She looks happy.
And.
There's a boy.
And there's a group of boys
who's holding a ball with a a
dog, suggesting that they're
trying to figure out if they're
going to.
Play ball again or they're gonna
meet up at a different time.
There's a man who's still in a
wheelchair with a broken left
leg, but he's having a nice,
pleasant conversation.
With the girl in eyeglasses and
be he's being pushed by and a
lady in a pink dress who looks
like she is a visitor. She is
not from this city because.
She's, she's wearing.
Clothes that suggests that she's
come to visit or there's a nice
big.
truck that, says milk. So the
milkman is actually not hard at
work these he's actually dancing
with somebody or singing on the
edge of the the bridge. But he
seems to be having a good time.
And even the old man who is
sitting by the Coca-Cola stand
building, even though he's still
sitting, he seems to be in color
and looks to be happy.
He has a a kind face. It is 10
past four, so I'm assuming it's
four in the afternoon.
Um and.
The house has been fully
renovated, there's a dog on the
yard, and the cobblestones are
no longer just black and white,
but in multicolors. This the
city is, or the town is vibrant.
Um, it's a picture of the town.
At the closer to the evening
because the street lights are on
illuminated as well as the fact
that it was almost 8:50.
I'm assuming it's uh in the
evening the milkman is still
there, not doing his job.
But I'm trying to find the
milkman and I can't. I can't see
him, but the old man sitting by
the Coca-Cola building is still
there.
still sitting for the first
time. The man is no longer in
the bathtub.
Don't know where he is, but oh,
I see him now. He's at the top
of the building.
Getting don't know what he's
doing, but he's holding a basket
full of either fruit or flowers
and he looks genuinely happy but
is still unclothed.
Um.
the
It looks as though the woman
that was yelling or shouting at
the child earlier on in the
picture, that is where the man
who lives, who bathed. It looks
as though she was the one that
moved because there seems to be
another family or another
happier.
Picture of a a of a child and a
man.
Sitting by the window.
That is in the room.
The boys are still playing
soccer or kickball going towards
the.
Um, going towards the fountain
and it looks as though the boy
that was by the fountain who
looked happy is now has now
joined the the other children to
play kickball and he looks very
happy. The man, even the man who
is on the wheelchair with a
broken leg, is also engaged in
some kind of activity with the
boys playing soccer or football.
Um, there's a mixture of of
elderly people, children.
On the streets.
Neighbors saying hello and
sharing a meal. There's a woman
coming down with a I don't know,
it looks like a dessert, maybe
like a flambe. It looks like
she's talking to her friend. So
there's a lot of engagement and
interaction. The only thing I
don't see is.
That the house, the colorful one
story home. There's nobody in in
in front. The windows are open
but the old man and they and
they. The grandmother is not to
be seen, other than there's a
dog that seems to be waiting for
his owner to come home in front
of the one story home.
The scene goes back to.
Oh, the oh, I don't know if it's
the old man who is.
Uh owned the and who changed the
one story home he looks to be.
with a bag, a coat and an
umbrella with the dog. He seems
to be walking away from the
house.
The most of the images on the on
the.
Story is in full color.
Seems to be sometime in the
evening because the street
lights are eliminated,
illuminated.
The square Town Square where the
fountain is, is.
has water, but the children seem
to have gone home.
There is a cat on the roof.
People seem to be settled in his
in their homes.
There is a woman looking out
into the courtyard, thinking
about.
Either her day or her or
someone. There is a a man and a
woman who is dancing in the
building that says Cafe. There
is a elderly man with an eye
patch who's on a motorcycle was
saying hello to another.
Either a neighbor or in the
middle of the street.
And um, the it looks as though
this is at the corner of it is.
The only person that seems to be
walking away from the town
square is the original old man
in the coat and a scarf and his
dog.
So this is the.
OK.
So the old man um is the only
person in this story page that
is in color. He is holding
either a ticket or a number that
says 10 in front of a building
that says for sale. The rest of
the pictures in blue or black
and white except for the sky
that is in a vibrant purple
clouds.
It looks as though it's a ground
level, um.
The Ohh the dog is also his dog
is also in color, and the dog
seems to be excited, but there's
another dog that is.
To the background, looking in on
the old man who is standing by
the.
The corner of a of a building.
It must be also sometime in the
early evening because the the
city the street lamp is
illuminated and there is a man
with a pipe that is looking at
the old man looking a little
surprised or.
Not.
Afraid but alarmed, as well as
on the 2nd floor, there is a
woman and her child also looking
at the old man.
As the old man is about to leave
and he's walking with the.
Dog.
The little girl that was on the
2nd floor seems to have come
running down. He is also holding
a purple flower that I think was
given by somebody, either the
old man or somebody else. She
looks very genuinely happy and
pleased. She has a little pet
mouse on her shoulder.
she is in a red
Outfit with.
Yellow T-shirt and while the
rest of the building and the the
street steps are in black and
white, there is another man in
the window that is looking out
and looking at the girl. I don't
know if he's the person that
gave her the flower, but he also
seems to be in a very content
mood. He is also in color with a
nice.
#END_flowerman red bowtie and
big eyeglasses. {Alright, so
that was the story. Let's take a
break.}
{Thank you. Alright so.
This next item is again a
complex scene.
Describe what you see and what
is happening and take between
three and five minutes.}
{And you can start when you're
ready.}
#START_deep_sea_divers OK,
another.
So I am assuming that these are
from the Waldo series of of.
Images it says the deep sea
divers there's.
Literally hundreds of of people.
Many.
Of these.
Men.
Uh, I think there are more men
than women, though it's hard to
see a lot of them are wearing
the red and white striped pants.
That is the the waldos image. I
do see some blue and white
stripes, pants as well, as well
as green and white stripes, but
the red seems to stand out. Oh I
oh OK.
So this image is underwater
images as well as above water.
Above water there are many
boats, one at least a dozen
boats that are floating. Many of
the boats have the blue and
white stripes or the red and
white, so I don't know if it's
divided by people wearing the
same. No, it doesn't seem to be
that way. There's also some fish
mingled between they're trying
to.
Some of these men are trying to
fish.
Um, there is one.
Image of a man who is about to
catch a very large fish that
seems angry that seems to be
about.
To surface to the top of the the
water is multi colored, almost
like a rainbow fish, but he has
very sharp teeth so I don't know
if that man's going to be happy.
There's also people on rocks at
the top of the water fishing on
trying to get some fish as well
as another.
Rocks, kind of like a Cliff.
All occupied by mermaid like.
figures as well as a man who
looks like he's an elderly man
and a white beard and a white
oil cloth as well as holding on
to something.
Um, the underground. There's an
interaction, many interactions
of people with mermaids and
fish.
There's an octopus at the bottom
of the sea. There's an angry
looking.
Fish or creature that's hiding
behind a red Bush.
There's um, I see school of
fish, that is.
In the shape of an arrow and all
heading downward into the ocean.
Um, there's an angry shark
that's closer to the top of the
surface as well as.
Yeah, some fish that seem happy,
some fish that seemed alarmed
and distressed by all these
people who are also swimming in
underwater, obviously these
people.
Don't have problems with the
oxygen, so they seem to be.
Even at the bottom of the ocean
they are they're actually.
There's some that actually have
oxygen masks, so maybe not.
Can't tell near the octopus, but
they seem to be genuinely happy.
Not alarmed, not uncomfortable.
Um.
But the creatures seem to be
more upset.
And, um, there's some
interaction. There's actually a
fish.
Um, on the left side that is
about to.
#END_deep_sea_divers Take on a a
a person with a big net. So it's
the reverse scene taking place.
{Um, so that was about 5
minutes. OK, nice.}
{Um, and then moving on.
There will be another one.}
#START_picture_this Um, so this
is a collection of.
Uh, lots of images in a either
like a frame. Ohh yeah, frame
portraits is what they call it,
but they're lots of images.
The one that stands out the most
at this point is the one with.
A sumo wrestler in the in the
right side of the of the the
page. It's interesting that none
of them are really. They're all
about the same size, they're
smaller, so.
Even though it was trying to
highlight one particular image
framed, I can't seem to find one
that I really that stands out.
They all seem to be of the same
size. There is one person at the
corner left, right side, bottom
of the corner that is walking
away from all of this in a.
Kind of a beach like attire.
The rest, and so I don't know if
this is a mixture of medieval
times as well as current times.
There's some images of of a dog
looking in a box in a bucket.
So there's animals. There's a, a
bear tapping on the shoulder of
a person. There's another of an
image of a dragon talking to or
looking at a person who seems to
be sweating. There's a
hippopotamus having a.
a nap, um.
There's a a cactus that's
running away.
There's another picture of a
person in a bear, and the bear
is kind of playing tricks on on
the the man who is actually
being held by the bear by the
collar. So another reverse
depiction. There's also a
picture of a dog being dragged
by a man. That's the the dog is
running away.
And then there's a yeah, there's
a mishmash of medieval time
costumes as well as.
A man either just wearing a
coat.
I don't know, he he looks kind
of like waldo the most, but it's
a very unassuming man, just like
standing on the left side of the
picture and a red cap and a
orange coat.
Um, there's some action
portraits as well as portraits
of just people standing. There's
actually a a fish that has two
heads but no body, and the top
right side of the.
Page um.
There's a dragon on the left
side that's wearing sunglasses.
Ohh, and.
There's another picture on the
lower right, lower left side of
a man looks like it's like a
competition of how strong he is
because he's about to be walked
on by a man who's caring about
large book. And I think it's to
show how strong he is and being
able to sustain the weight of
the man and the brick.
There's a picture of.
#END_picture_this A man who's
kind of on the ledge of a boxing
ring or a fence. He looks tired
and doesn't seem to want to
move, but he's he looks hanging
over the fence.
{And then there's Yep. OK, Yep,
it's endless. Yeah.}
{There's so much going on. Yeah.
This one will be the last one we
do today. It's a graphic novel
that are OK.}
#START_arrival-1 OK, once again,
this is an image of an in kind
of.
Not black and white, but soft
yellow of images. 9 images. The
first image is a portrait photo
of.
A man and a woman and a child,
and then the portrait frame is
actually being picked up by
somebody and is actually being
wrapped up in a cloth. That's a
man who's trying to either give
it as a gift or take it with him
on a trip because he is
carefully wrapping it up in a
string so that the frame is
protected.
It's a picture of of him tying
the bow and also almost kind of
letting the kind of.
I'm not saying goodbye to the
frame because there's an image
of him just holding wrapped up
portrait and then he is, yeah, I
guess he's putting in a suitcase
because the next image is of him
opening up a suitcase and then
he is closing the suitcase belt.
And once again, he is actually
almost like saying goodbye to
either the picture frame and as
you as he starts his journey.
Um, the window seal
The one on the right side of the
image shows a bigger picture of
the whole scene that takes place
in the kitchen. It's the image
of the man who is.
I think he's the man who was
wrapping the portrait and he's
standing with a woman who's
holding his hand almost.
And as a way of comfort.
Um, and then to the left side
are images of each item that is
on the on the kitchen
Shelf above either the oven or a
stove.
The first one is a an origami
crane.
The second one is a clock that
shows that the time was 10 after
10.
This one is actually under the
shelving, which is the image of
a cough and a kitchen cloth and
a hat.
the
The fourth image is of this of a
used pot and A and a spoon. A
wooden spoon that hasn't been
cleaned up yet, so it looks as
though they just finished lunch.
And there's an image of a of a
drawing that has been done by
either a child showing a happier
portrait of a man, a woman and a
child with a bird on the man's
shoulder. And there's a sunshine
and corner and birds flying. So
it's a very happy image.
There's a pot of hot, either tea
or coffee. You can see that it's
hot because there's steam still
coming from the pot. The pot is
a well used pot.
That has a crack, but it's still
usable. And then there's an
image of a coffee cup or a
teacup with either postcards or
a train ticket or a some kind of
a ticket.
And then the corner image of the
picture frame that has been
placed at the top of the
suitcase. And I think this is
once again the image of the man
and the woman and the girl. It's
a portrait. I can't remember if
this is the actual portrait
picture that the man wrapped up,
but it looks as though it's his
picture with the woman that he
is.
In the kitchen with and there is
no picture of the child in this
frame.
Ohkay, the child is here. The
child has to wake up. She's
still in bed.
So I guess that 10 after 10 is a
night image.
The girl was asleep, but she's
been awakened. She's yawning
because it's she was fast
asleep. She's been given a bowl
of Stew or cereal to eat and she
looks like she is looking
talking to somebody. And then
there's an image of her looking
at the suitcase.
An image in the suitcase already
prepared. The man is about to
put on his hat. The woman is
about to put on her scarf.
They're getting ready to leave
the home girl is being helped
dress with a hat and put on
shoes. She tries to carry the
suitcase, but the the man says
no, I'll carry it. And so the
last image is really of of the
three.
That's a family of three leaving
what I assume to be their house
with an with a night image of a
tale of a dragon.
The girl is looking up. The girl
is looking distant and she was
then walking with both her, her
hand held by either the man and
the woman. They're going towards
the train station because there
is a train that is coming into
the station.
It looks as though.
The girl is talking to the man.
The man had put the paper
Bird in his hat as a way of as
entertaining the girl. He lifts
his hat to show the girl the the
paper
Bird. She holds the paper bird.
He's telling her that, you know,
remember to to keep paper bird
with her at all times. He and
she hug. She is looking at the
mother, who is actually the
mother of the woman who was
crying because she is dabbing
the handkerchief to her eyes.
She then embraces the man.
She holds the same handkerchief
and he whispers in her ears
words of comfort as she is
looking down, looking sad and
distressed. He is about to board
the train, so he's the one that
is journeying away. There's an
image of the hand of the mother
or the woman and the child.
With the image of the man's hand
and as it leaves, the train is
actually departing and runs off
into the distance. All of these
images are in a black. It's not
black and white, but it's.
You know monochrome image.
It looks as though he's going
further away. The picture of the
portrait is very much with him
as he's having a bowl of soup
and he places the portrait of
the family on a suitcase as he's
having his meal and as the
frame.
Of the camera or the image goes
out it it shows that he is
actually in the lower part of a
large cruise ship because it's a
picture of him in the window and
the window is getting smaller
and smaller and smaller and
smaller.
#END_arrival-1 That shows that
it is a large cruise ship,
probably sailing to place very
far away, OK.